hey what is up guys it speaking French
in 97 I was shaking guys how to install
soos or sonic gun below unbelievable
ethers mod for minecraft 1.6.2 so to get
started you want to go ahead and go into
the description where I'll post the
download link of this file or a folder
where I'm gonna make it into a file I'm
a zip it so yeah so once you have
unzipped it or on archived it unzipped
it you want to go ahead and go into the
folder so once you're inside the folder
I organized it because I'm on board
names and you wanna go ahead and open up
the green I'm not sure if it's gonna be
like this but if it is that's good open
up the minecraft forge installer jar
this will basically install the the
forwards where you can install mods to
it so make sure it's on install client
and it's in in this directory this can
change this can be your name or whatever
that's my name so and then make sure
it's in minecraft folder so click OK and
then as I say successfully installed
client so just click OK and we're done
with that so then you want to go into
your minecraft make sure it was closed
because it's not closed closing we go
and reopen it and if it doesn't work you
know why so profile well we'll see so
make sure it's play it will be yours
will be like this or whatever name you
have go to profile Forge if you don't
see it click create new profile and they
mate Forge use version make sure it's at
the very bottom release 1.6.2 Forge and
just click Save profile but I'm not
gonna do that because I already have one
so Forge click Play make sure this is
right here so once you've done that it's
gonna open up in a window like always so
just wait this is only for mac there is
other windows versions of this but this
is for mac it's a little more easier
actually in my opinion so you will have
three months loaded and three months
active so there won't be any stuff in it
right now so just click quit quit quit
the game alright so you want to go into
your finder and your menu bar click go
hold down the option key and you will
bring up the library if it doesn't
then you will have to go into the finder
and usually not always oh create new
window it's going to be into a library
folder it's somewhere in here if you
don't find it again just hold down
option go to go option and click library
if it's hidden just google it and you'll
find the folder so then I open up
application support open up minecraft
there the folder and then you will have
a new folder named mods and yeah so open
up the mods folder and you will have I
put mining it's in the this desktop
where it's much easier to access so you
want to copy this or just drag it copy
and paste whatever you want to do just
get this file into the mods folder so
I'm gonna just go ahead and copy it
because I don't like to move my finals
everywhere
so paste it now you're done so you're
not done yet you want to go ahead and
get the shader pack zip unzip it just by
double-clicking if not right click open
with archive utility or if you have
installed the arc an icon on archiver
you can do that as well so I'ma just
double click because that works for me
open up the shooter packs and you will
see there is a lot of Susa finals or
shader packs a lot they have I believe
we got 15 I believe 14 I'm not sure but
there's a lot so if one doesn't work you
can try other ones as well so you just
want to copy the shader packs a folder
so stress command C or you can just drag
it and drag it into the minecraft folder
directory make sure it's not in any
folder so then click paste or paste item
you will have now shader packs with all
the shader packs installed so that's all
you got to do now you just got to open
up minecraft once more so if I'm going a
little fast just pause the video and
you'll you'll you'll be there you'll get
there eventually so make sure your
profiles on Forge once it loads ok make
sure your profiles on forge and your
make sure you're using the version
minecraft 1.6.2 for each click play oh
just you know so excited for this I have
traded this so it will work it will work
so give it a moment
and all right so now it says four miles
loaded and four miles active so that
means it's good so then you want to go
into options shaders as you can see
there's a new shaders button click on
that you will notice that there isn't
any if there is good just select one and
you're ready to play if not click open
shader packs folder and you want to go
into actually woops creating to go to
file new Finder window so if you can
hear the background my windows open cuz
the rain but anyway going to downloads
or my dis desktop where I have it saved
geez and you want to find the shader mod
files copy bees not the folder
unfortunately you can copy the folder
let's see if it works so copy the folder
paste it in here open it up and you can
select all these or you can just select
the folder just by clicking it and now
well on our minecraft will automatically
detect it so seeing shader packs but
it's better if you do it um let's see
let's see it's better if you go like
this so this that open this up and copy
this so command C and you want to go in
here and paste it in here and there you
go now says minecraft has detected all
of them so just click close for some
reason I don't know I just put in a
folder just do what I do and you should
be able to do it as well alright so now
you can choose you have a lot of options
now you can choose sooo slight to the
very extreme my personally sorry about
that it's very annoying motorcyclists
are knowing anyway yeah sorry the rain
but anyway go ahead and select any my
favorite one is the most optimized
shader pack because it's amazing
so click done click done single-player
already created one so I can show you
guys that it works 100% so I'm not lying
to you
there you go guys it is now working as
you can see it has motion that's ok
that's how the shader pack is for this
purpose or there's a lot more trust me
just go with your favorite cheater pack
and you will like it as well but if this
helped you guys in any way don't forget
to leave a like since that's what I like
from you guys so this does require some
intensive tasks a lot of RAM so make
sure your computer's fast enough to run
it and you should be able to do it as
well if it doesn't work and go to with
the light shader packs and that will
work as well so don't forget to leave a
like and I'll see you guys in my next
video peace